hello internet fam it is Sara D she
today I am telling you 5 things you need
to know before you buy Sony rx100 5 I
love this camera I'm feeling with it
right now so all the audio and video
that you see is from the rx 105 I use
this camera as my vlogging camera every
single day so I love it but I also know
its quirks in things that you want to
think about before you buy it so let's
hop into it number one is the slo-mo I
absolutely adore the slow-motion if you
watch my vlogs you know I use it a lot
[Music]
this camera turns their batteries pretty
quickly and if you use slow motion a lot
it churns through the batteries even
quicker major pro tip alert when it
comes to batteries with this camera you
cannot use the third-party Amazon
batteries like the wasabi batteries for
a lot of my cameras I have just bought
the third-party batteries and not
thought twice about it and it's been fun
but it's not okay for this camera you
have to go and buy the like thirty forty
dollars or whatever
Sony batteries I know that might be a
little bit annoying but if you want to
use this camera to its fullest potential
and really get good use out of the slow
mode you're after by the Sony batteries
number two is the audio if you are going
to be out about shooting things outside
and there is anything to do with wind
you're gonna have to buy some wind
screens to put them on the mics on the
top of the camera the two mics are at
the top and so they pick up when very
very easily so I do have two little
screen muff type things on top of my
camera I will link that down below in
the description
they are super cheap number three is the
screen on the camera for some reason on
pretty much all Sony cameras the screens
get scratched up so easily I used to
have the rx100 three
I did not put a screen protector on it
and the screen was just completely
destroyed through you know putting it in
my backpack
or just it being scraped against just
normal things you have to like buy buy a
screen protector so you don't ruin your
screen number four is the auto exposure
I didn't have this problem on the rx100
three but for some reason when you're
outside it's very sunny it has a hard
time stopping the camera down I'm a very
white person and many times it will just
completely blow up my face and expose
for the background and it has kind of
been an issue for some of my clips so it
kind of ruins it which is a bummer and
I'm sure if you shift it into manual
settings you could easily fix it but the
point of a point-and-shoot for me is to
be able to point and shoot and for all
the settings to be adjusted
automatically so that's kind of a
annoyance that I really haven't figured
out yet and also the exposure very
dramatically bumps so if you go from one
scene to another where the lighting is
kind of different you will see a
distinct like bump in exposure it won't
really be that smooth so that has been
probably the most annoying thing about
this camera but there's so many pros
compared to the cons but that's
something that you just kind of need to
know the last thing number five has to
do with the audio again you cannot plug
in a external mic which honestly has not
been that big of an issue for me because
the audio is actually pretty good in
this camera
however for certain circumstances it
would be nice to be able to just plug in
a road that you micro for a better audio
but this camera is such a small camera
anyways and it's a point-and-shoot and
so the fact that you can't plug in a
external audio source
kind of normal at the same time is like
hey can we get one and the RS 106 six
all the things I talked about are linked
in the description down below if you
want to see a review of the rx 105 you
can watch my review up here that I did
right after I got the camera I
absolutely adore this camera I use it
pretty much every single day for
vlogging so you can go back and watch
any of my blogs and they are all filmed
with this camera learn if you enjoyed
this video hit that like button and make
sure you hit that subscribe button down
below or you can click on my face on the
end screen I do a lot of vlogs and a lot
of tech stuff right now actually as
you're watching this video I'm going to
be in Belize thank you again so much for
watching and again if you're new around
here hit that subscribe button become a
part of the peachy fam we need you
around here like come hang out watch
some vlogs and stuff but yeah until next
time stay peachy okay bite he's just
certain drone that caught my eye because
it was so small and you're able to bring
it places oh my gosh
oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my
gosh it's a Mavic Pro the quality from
the stroma is insane and